with this
with a BNN
oath
all in a good afternoon
this is a really nice afternoon because it is the second edition
with crysis 2 for tjerk see in him that they already did it once last year
was also a resounding success because there is quite a bit at stake
I therefore understand very well that all these people have gathered here
to draw attention to their charity because there is quite a bit of money too
earns and of course a lot of attention comes to the foundation
in this way, in cooperation with skype, I am not going off those trees myself
of course I can't say anything meaningful about that there
we have invited a professional jury if you like schayk and mari
of the ven
years I'm going to ask you what you will pay attention to that you have
experience with Christmas trees
well and presumably vido kuipers christmas trees center much for molex
customers better can get away with it
we're going to pay attention
he offered back a good cause a bit processed it seems to me
something to see
the facts speak that answers b had arisen the creative people sit
I don't know exactly when
the
In addition, it is in the competition was liberated children from the sex industry in
drive the south east
in the trees
two hung under par of € 10,000 can free 200 girls
foundation on our website the foundation has been in existence for three years
the last wishes of two minor not kidney patients
we have around 700 people a year and have 180 volunteers and we too
have a butterfly in our logo no it all goes a bit on a given
moment a break with fine pie the freedom that draws us a lot
Gradually new incorporated into our plans it is the founder of Artis
and doctors is committed to the indication and that he
a sign that the children eventually go home with that they know how
nature put together recently I was nobody a child from abroad because
they indicate Germany is already a small child he has on it
beach sitting on the beach and the little animal and it started to move and that its place
wait to be put out power extinct that means enough
education and nature from practically earlier kwo
we are from
foundation kamper falcon bos and the foundation from the hague that all children
from the hague that financially our body with less endowed its license plate per
take a fantastic camp with the imac anp
the children who come in there stayed on completely from the first day on
that is why we have chosen several colors because the pupils are too
all experience things all colors see them both cases and red chosen
because we are good at the red balls, but they were not to be found
6 but on the other side
because we want to spread the ball there
and the message this year the calf street the the complaints are going to
the
that is possible at tvm we want to make sure that all children are already at the
children play and exercise
that's how it was made from sites again
Thank you very much for your cooperation
First of all, Karen will explain why
one of them is the friends of home care foundation
and the Friends of Home Care Foundation is really an organization that
cooperates with home care to see where people can be helped in the Netherlands
that some things cannot pay for ourselves, we stand for
edukans foundation in our band is not only a testament to an enormous amount of creativity
the logo of the opportunity is in fact one
well it is of course difficult it comes a bit creative thinking you already
go out quickly
blue was very scarce today just looking around
and since tooske and bit with her elbow was working we vittek that
what a good thing to be in that respect, it is a bit heavy ordinary
come naturally
it is a bit against it
of course
it does mean advice why is that shed
well that is natural
weather of art
so this is actually
for me it is very good to think
Incidentally, the Tooske Foundation, what am I supposed to do, what have you done?
has
did you hit and dressed?
the
yes he can also compete tough guy i like a little bit of blue and
I asked for a very kind one but I didn't get it
then I took it then you also have to take other measures so it's who
yours takes the floor
since I already have a system of the rainbow tree foundation
rainbow tree
we have therefore made 9 come up
made it possible for trained volunteers to go to the hospital
to go
to be there and long-term sick child that we seek to give them children in peace
to learn
Fail in finding themselves where they feel safe and strong for a few
by making it perhaps slightly more bearable to undergo all the misery that comes in
hospital has to undergo we have opted for transparency
she also needs to look at the classic lights
then a classic but above all little
bombarie little twitter gets there
no peak no is an extremely dangerous
then it has to do with foundation its success the foundation after one of the
few in terms of stay
foundation that spyker full eurofiber free of charge
3 coming in
actually goes I have the kids in the weekend 2002 or year
once again
children come neat syndrome
he
We then looked at ten of the people who did this
that is incurable, we want that very much
that these little blue smurfs
from two and a half years
the gold also reached concerned
yeah i think this is just the nicest thing she's watching the girl
can we come up with something to work with or can we immediately switch to
The most exciting moment the prize has been won by
karin flowers
and admit it
No
there are very happy thanks all for the cooperation that staples beautiful
tree the second prize has been won by coming
if you but we are exactly happy with it
a ball again I always had for the grand prize
but i think this is also one
the involved is at
the jury for turbo lights
the foundation 7
but who did it become?
was counted by votes
gagas
the rainbow over which they put this together is so well spent is so incredibly
nice
but then actually quite a nice end of the dutch very small foundation
I'm going to keep it myself m but it is time that that foundation a bit more under the
attention comes so that even more children
can learn to help themselves and that is ultimately when you have children
you cannot you can take away the misery but if your child can give strength to
to deal with that we descent
that is the best thing you can do and the then these people the Amsterdam thanks
for writing